Docs V1:  Update FAQs (#6344)
pipe-cd/pipecd: docs/content/en/docs-v1.0.x/faq/_index.md

  List of frequently asked questions.
---

We have answered some of the most frequently asked questions below. If you have any other questions, please feel free to create the issue in the [pipe-cd/pipecd](https://github.com/pipe-cd/pipecd/issues/new/choose) repository or contact us on [Cloud Native Slack](https://slack.cncf.io) (channel [#pipecd](https://app.slack.com/client/T08PSQ7BQ/C01B27F9T0X)).

### 1. What is PipeCD V1? How is it different from the PipeCD Versions so far?

PipeCD V1 introduces a plugin-based architecture where each application deployment is managed by a 'plugin', created specifically for that application. This replaces the concept of Platform Providers from earlier versions of PipeCD. This change makes PipeCD versatile, allowing users to create custom plugins to deploy the application of their choice.

### 2. What kind of applications will be supported in PipeCD V1?

Since PipeCD V1 introduces a plugin architecture, you can now deploy any application using plugins.

> Check out the latest releases on GitHub for the list of available plugins. Additionally, we also have a Community Plugins Repository for plugins made by the PipeCD community. As of now, we have the Kubernetes Plugin and the Terraform Plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check out the latest releases on GitHub for the list of available plugins. Additionally, we also have a Community Plugins Repository for plugins made by the PipeCD community. As of now, the official plugins maintained by the PipeCD maintainer team are: Kubernetes, Terraform, Analysis, ScriptRun, Wait, and WaitApproval.
```
nits
